Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[ethereal music playing]
[voices whispering]
[birds chirping]
[music fades]
[lively chattering]
Go past me. children.
There are some to my left
and some ahead here.
[men grunting]
[man panting]
[water splashing]
[Annagret wailing]
[indistinct chattering]
- [Hans] No.
- [Heideraud] Yes.
[Rudolf singing]
Sleep. child. Sleep.
[Hans] Don't sit on me.
[Heideraud] I didn't sit on you.
That's what happens
when you stamp on my foot.
[children laughing]
[crickets chirping]
[dog barking in distance]
[indistinct shouting
in distance]
[indistinct chattering
[footsteps approaching]
[Rudolf] You'd better not
throw a bucket of water over me.
[Claus] No. we'd never do that.
[Rudolf] It better
not make me late.
[Claus] This way... and out.
Watch out for the steps.
Feel for it... and
down. Perfect.
Last step. and now. turn around.
There you go. Wait. Stand here.
[Inge. Heideraud] Surprise.
[Rudolf laughs] Is this for me?
[Heideraud] Yes.
- [Rudolf] Thank you.
- [Hedwig] Happy birthday.
[Rudolf] Where did you get it?
[Hedwig] I have my sources.
[Rudolf] One. two.
three passengers.
- Who wants the first ride?
- [Claus] Me!
- You. You can have the first ride.
- [Hedwig exclaims]
- [Rudolf] The paint is still fresh.
- [Annagret crying]
Annagret will have
a green bottom.
[children laugh]
[Rudolf singing song]
Coats. bags. off to school.
- [Rudolf] Thank you. children.
- Quick. quick.
[Rudolf] Goodbye.
[Hedwig] Inge.
pull your socks up.
Bye-bye. Daddy.
[Hedwig singing song]
Phlox.
Opa la.
Would you like to smell a rose?
Smell a rose. Yes. This one.
This one is beautiful.
[whispers indistinctly]
Look. what a big dahlia.
And a ladybird. [gasps]
Yes.
[indistinct chattering]
Bronek.
Marta.
[footsteps approaching]
Upstairs. please.
Then come and see me.
Sophie.
Aniela. come.
[Annagret crying]
Choose something you like.
Only one each. Take something.
[men shouting in distance]
This one needs to be cleaned.
and the lining has to be mended.
- Be careful with it.
- Of course.
- [dog whining]
- Go back downstairs.
[Annagret crying]
No.
[whining]
[barking]
[Annagret wailing]
[Annagret continues wailing]
[Rudolf] The bees are flying.
[Prüfer] it is hot. isn't it?
How was your journey?
[Sander] Long.
But we're here now.
[Bischoff] Yes. indeed.
So. not too bad?
No. not too bad.
Easier than last time. actually.
Excellent. Well.
then. welcome back.
Absolutely. We're
glad to be here.
- Should we take our shoes off as well?
- No.
Did you travel via
Prague or Vienna?
Prague. It is 56 minutes faster.
[conversation
continues indistinctly]
[Hedwig] She asked me where
I got one of my jackets from.
I said. "Canada."
And she asked. "How
did you get to Canada?"
- [woman laughs]
- She thought you meant the country?
[Hedwig] Yes. of course.
[woman 2] An
understandable mistake.
The same thing happened
when Helga Pattisch
came for the first time.
[woman 1] Out of all of the
clothes. she chose a dress
that belonged to some
little Jewess half her size.
I could only pull the zipper up to
here. and the dress came apart.
- And I pulled and pulled at it.
- [women laugh]
She just looked down
at herself and said.
"I love this dress."
In the end. she took it.
and she said.
"I'll go on a diet."
[women laugh]
- [Hedwig] Would you like more coffee?
- [woman 1] Yes. please. Thank you.
[Hedwig] You take it black?
[woman 1] Black
is good. thank you.
[woman 2] Helga's husband only adopted
that Polish boy to keep her at home.
That's what she told me.
And he hits her as well.
- [Hedwig] I didn't know that.
- [woman 1] How do you know that?
Haven't you noticed
the bruises on her arms?
[woman 1] I forgot
to tell you something.
Guess where I
found this diamond?
In the toothpaste.
[woman 2] No. Really?
How clever you must be.
[woman 1] Yes.
they are very clever.
I've ordered more toothpaste
because you never know.
[women laugh]
[Hedwig] I think I told you
about the Schilling concert.
About Brigitte Frank's
ermine fur coat.
Did I tell you about it?
- [woman 2] I don't think so.
- [Hedwig] Look.
[woman 2] She
looks like an empress.
The other side of it
is the next chamber
with the next load ready to burn
once the pieces here
have been
completely incinerated.
How long does it take?
Seven hours. 400
to 500 at a time.
Closer to 500.
So. once that has happened.
you close this chimney.
then simultaneously
open the next.
The fire will follow the air
through this baffle. of course.
into this chamber.
and then burn this load.
[clears throat] The chamber
directly opposite the combustion zone.
which burns at
roughly 1.000 degrees.
has by now cooled
to around 40 degrees.
Cool enough to unload the
ash and then reload the chamber.
So this chamber is cooling
while this one is heating up?
Correct.
The process moves one
chamber over counterclockwise.
So. burn. cool. unload. reload.
And... continuously.
[barking]
Sh!
[dog whining]
[all] Cheers.
[dog barks. whines]
- Dilla.
- [distant gunshots]
- [officer 1] Happy birthday. Commandant.
- Thank you.
[officer 2] Happy
birthday. Commandant.
It is an honor to
serve under you.
Thank you.
- [officer 3] Happy birthday. Commandant.
- [Rudolf] Thank you.
Happy birthday. Commandant.
[Rudolf] Thank you.
[Hans] That is a rifle.
And this is also a rifle.
And here is one with a pistol
and another rifle here.
[officer shouting indistinctly]
Do you hear that?
It's a bittern. A heron.
A Eurasian grey heron.
[bird calling]
[officer shouting indistinctly]
[shouting continues]
- [Annagret crying]
- [Rudolf] Oh!
[Hedwig] You
cried like this too.
You were even louder.
[Annagret continues crying]
[Rudolf] What's
going on with her?
She's strong. isn't she?
[Rudolf] Mmm!
I'd like to try mine now.
[Annagret crying]
[Rudolf] Hmm?
[men shouting
indistinctly in distance]
[machinery rumbling]
[Hans] What are you doing?
- [Claus] Hmm?
- [Hans] What are you doing?
[Claus] I'm looking.
[Hans] At what?
[Claus] Teeth.
What are you doing?
[Hans] Nothing.
[Hans grunting]
[groaning]
[grunting]
[clock chiming]
[chiming stops]
[Rudolf] What are
you doing here?
[Inge] I'm handing out sugar.
[Rudolf] Who to?
[Inge] I'm looking.
[Rudolf] Come.
[ominous music playing]
[Rudolf] "Then a little
white bird flew past
to guide them
out of the forest."
"Soon. they arrived
at a huge lake."
"They were puzzled as they
did not know how to cross it."
"Suddenly. a beautiful swan
came swimming towards them."
"'Oh. beautiful swan.
please be our boat.'"
"The swan bent its neck
and came to the shore."
Bracht phoned the house.
Yes. while you were
outside for your toast.
I forgot to tell you. He said
he'd call back tomorrow. midday.
- [Hedwig sniffles]
- [Rudolf] Mm-hmm.
Rudolf.
Will you take me to
that spa in Italy again?
[Rudolf] Mm-hmm.
All that pampering.
And the walks. And
that nice couple we met.
Is she wandering around again?
No.
And that man
who played the
accordion to the cows?
They loved it.
[laughing] It was so funny.
All looking at him like this.
[laughing]
Will you?
What?
Well. take me back there.
- Yes.
- When?
I don't know when.
[Hedwig] Mm-hmm.
You smell nice.
It's French.
[laughing]
Oink. oink.
[both snorting]
Chocolate. If you
see it. Any goodies.
[steam hissing]
[women screaming]
- [woman yelling]
- [baby wailing]
[dogs barking]
- [woman shouting indistinctly]
- [gunshot]
[children screaming]
[gunshots]
[man shouting indistinctly]
[man shouting]
[woman shouting]
[man shouting indistinctly]
[child crying] Papa...
- [child wailing]
- [man shouting indistinctly]
[Inge speaking indistinctly]
[Bracht] To the head
of the Party Chancellery
Reichsleiter Bormann. Personal.
Dear Reichsleiter.
I learned that the commandant
of the gigantic K.L. Auschwitz.
Obersturmbannführer Höss.
also well known to
you. is to be transferred.
Comrade Höss has made
unprecedented achievements
over four years of
painstaking work.
I witnessed the construction
of this great camp close-up.
so I can attest.
Reichsführer Himmler himself acknowledges
the uniqueness of what he built.
Now. it is said that the
task is too big for him.
and someone must take his place.
Höss knows prisoner
use inside out.
has close contacts with the
Silesian armaments industry.
and has brought groundbreaking
ideas to the whole field of KL practice.
He is a model settler farmer
and an exemplary
German pioneer of the East.
His particular strength is
turning theory into practice.
I will refrain from
listing more qualities
that prove a chance in his
command is not possible.
[distant gunshot]
Therefore. could you please speak to
the Reichsführer as soon as possible
to prevent the transfer
of Comrade Höss.
[gunshots continue]
I would be very
grateful for a brief reply.
Heil Hitler.
Gauleiter Fritz Bracht.
Can I do it now?
In a moment.
Did you know that
storks fly as far as Africa?
How far do you think they fly?
How many kilometers?
[Inge] 300?
[Rudolf] More.
All these weeds here.
[grunts]
[Hans] You are what you say.
[Inge] You are what you say.
Cows find this funny.
The whole farm is roaring
because you are so boring.
Cows find this funny.
The whole farm is roaring
because you are so boring.
No. you're boring.
[birds chirping]
Move away!
[Inge screams]
All is well. All is well.
[Hans] I hate you.
[Marta] Keep your
eyes closed. or it'll hurt.
[Hans] I know.
- [Inge cries]
- [Marta] Once more. All good. Come here.
[Rudolf blowing nose]
[Hans crying]
We have to rinse your eyes.
Everything's fine. You'll live.
[man on TV] ...with which
60.000 Italian spectators
showered their
victorious national team.
We will be able to
share in their delight.
How long has it been since Milan
saw their beloved Squadra Azzurra?
And now. they have
returned with a 4-0 victory
to the arena of
their many triumphs.
Can you imagine the celebration?
4-0 against their
old rival. Spain.
who are again aspiring
to a position of power
in European football.
as we Germans saw
with our own eyes
in Berlin last Sunday.
[phone ringing]
But don't let the
result fool you.
4-0 was the final score.
But at halftime. this thrilling
Italian-Spanish encounter...
Yes?
...stood at 0-0.
Hang up.
[radio turns off]
Fritz.
Go on.
What does it say?
Well.
No. you wrote a very
powerful letter on my behalf.
Their minds were
obviously made up.
I'd better tell my wife.
She might.
- The train stopped for ages at Krakow.
- How frustrating.
[Annagret cooing]
- And it was so hot.
- [Rudolf] Hmm.
A lady fainted next
to me. It was that hot.
[Rudolf] Hmm.
She's moving here with her husband
who's an engineer. He's a lot older.
[Rudolf] Mm-hmm.
They've both got jobs at
a new factory. Siemens.
[Rudolf] Ah. yes.
That's possible.
- All the big companies are here. he said.
- [phone ringing]
Yes. yes. Yes.
- Don't you need to get on?
- [phone ringing]
Yes. I'd better.
I'll show Mum
to the girls' room.
[phone ringing]
[Annagret crying]
Are you ready?
You'll have Heideraud's bed.
and she'll get in with Inge-Brigitt.
You don't mind. do you?
[Linna] Of course not.
[Hedwig] The house looks
big. but it actually isn't.
The first thing we did
was install central heating.
It gets so cold in winter.
You wouldn't believe it.
[conversation
continues indistinctly]
[Hedwig] Hand-painted.
- [Linna] Really?
- [Hedwig] Yes.
[both exclaim]
[imitating gunshots]
- [yelling]
- [dog barking]
This is Heideraud's bed here.
This is lovely.
Truly.
Such a lovely room.
The top two drawers are for you.
Yes. that's more than enough.
Such beautiful flowers.
[boys shouting in distance]
Yes. try it.
But I'm sleeping here?
Yes. but they're both...
the same.
[both laughing]
[sighs]
My girl.
[Hedwig] That's spinach strudel.
apple strudel. potato salad.
And your cinnamon rolls.
[Linna] My recipe? [urging]
Very nice.
- My God.
- [chuckles]
[Rudolf] Subject:
Lilac bushes by the
commandant's guard barracks.
From now on. SS
members who pick lilacs
in a thoughtless
and blatant manner
so that the bushes bleed
will be punished.
I expect the SS members.
if they wish to take some.
do it in a way that does
not damage the bushes.
In the interest of our
whole community.
I hope you understand
that the lilac bushes
are intended to decorate our entire
camp. both now and in the future.
[children chattering]
[Linna] Jews in the house?
[Hedwig] The Jews are
over the other side of the wall.
They're local girls.
Say hello to Grandma.
[Linna] Hello. [laughs]
My God.
He got so big. and
you have such nice hair.
[Hedwig] I think it's your
turn to push. isn't it. Hans?
Inge pushed you before.
and now it's your turn. Go on.
Let's go.
This is all us.
There's a grapevine.
Obviously. it'll grow.
[Hans. Inge chattering]
[Hedwig's mother gasps]
It's huge.
I'm speechless.
[Hedwig] It's all my design.
All the planting and everything.
The greenhouse.
the gazebo at the end.
- [Linna] Is that a pool?
- [Hedwig] Yes.
I have gardeners. I
couldn't do it alone.
- [Linna] With a slide? Heddy.
- Yes.
Do you like it?
[Linna] Of course I
like it. How could I not?
This was a field
three years ago.
No.
We just had the lower
garden by the street.
and the house had a flat roof.
It's hard to believe.
And that's the camp wall?
Yes. that's the camp wall.
We planted more vines in
the back to grow and cover it.
- Maybe Esther Silberman is over there.
- Which one was she?
The one I used to clean for.
- She's the one who had the book readings.
- Yeah. yeah. yeah.
[Linna] God knows what they
were up to. Bolshevik stuff.
- Jewish stuff.
- Yeah.
[Linna] And I got outbid on
her curtains at the street auction.
Her opposite. she got them.
I loved those curtains.
These flowers are so beautiful.
The azaleas there.
There are also vegetables.
A few herbs. Rosemary.
Beetroot. This is fennel.
[Linna] Sunflowers.
And here is kohlrabi.
The children love to eat it.
Cabbage. Kale. Runner beans.
Pumpkins.
Potatoes and more.
We have bees over
here to provide our honey.
[Linna] It's a paradise garden.
And Rudolf is okay?
[Hedwig] Yes. he's fine.
Working nonstop.
even when he's home.
Which he loves.
[Linna] He's a busy bee.
He is. Nonstop.
And under pressure
like you wouldn't believe.
And you're okay?
Do I look okay?
[Linna laughing]
[coughing]
Rudi calls me the
Queen of Auschwitz.
[both laughing]
Honestly. To have all this.
You really have landed
on your feet. my child.
The linden trees
are turning yellow.
It smelled so nice when
they were flowering.
[distant gunshot]
This will grow and
cover everything.
- [distant gunshot]
- You'll see next time you visit.
[dogs barking]
No.
Stop it!
[dog barks]
[men shouting
indistinctly in distance]
[buzzing]
[distant gunshot]
[distant screaming]
[silence]
[Heideraud] The heartfelt
time we spent in the Höss house
will always be
among our most
beautiful holiday memories.
In the East lies our tomorrow.
Thanks for your National
Socialist hospitality.
And this was
from Willy... Billy...
[girls laughing]
[girls screaming in distance]
[applause in distance]
[Heideraud] Ow!
[train approaching]
- [carnival music playing]
- [indistinct chattering]
[boy shouting indistinctly]
[children laughing]
[train passing in distance]
Hans says you have his sandals.
We have to leave. Mutzi.
Leave where?
Here. We have to go.
We're being transferred.
Sorry. what?
- [water splashes]
- [children laughing]
- To where?
- Oranienburg.
What?
They're swapping me
for Arthur Liebehenschel.
He comes here.
I take over as Deputy Inspector.
[Annagret crying]
If you've known this for
a while. why tell me now?
- There was no good moment to say it.
- You've said it now.
- Where are you going?
- To get the sandals.
When did you find out?
Pohl told me last week. I
tried to make it go away.
[Hedwig] Then call Bormann.
I've tried Bormann.
Should I go to Hitler now?
Well. yes.
Rudolf.
Rudolf!
Don't turn your back on me!
Stop!
Calm down. Go back to the party.
You can't do this to me!
What is this? Marta.
- [Marta] Mrs. Höss?
- What's this. "Mrs. Höss? Mrs. Höss?"
I'll show you Mrs.
Höss. Mop it up!
Don't forget you live well
in our house! Bloody hell!
Now!
[carnival music continues]
Bloody hell!
[men shouting in distance]
[gunshots in distance]
Why are they transferring you?
Structural changes.
What does that mean?
They weren't specific. but I'm
not the only one being moved.
There are lots of us.
- When?
- Soon.
How soon?
I'm waiting to be told.
If it's about the investigation.
they should call Himmler.
- He encouraged us.
- No.
- So it's not that?
- It's a political matter.
- Then go to Hitler.
- Don't be ridiculous.
It's not ridiculous.
You're the one who
carries out his orders
once you peel away the layers.
We have to face
facts. We have to leave.
No. You have to leave.
Yes.
Your work is in Oranienburg now.
Mine is raising our children.
and I'll do that from here.
[distant gunshot]
I never thought that
you wouldn't be with me.
Never crossed my mind.
They'd have to
drag me out of here.
You know that.
This is our home.
Rudolf.
We're living how we
dreamed we would.
Since we were 17.
Beyond how we dreamed.
Out of the city. finally.
Everything we want
on our doorstep.
And our children are
strong. healthy. and happy.
Everything the Führer said
about how to live is how we do.
Go East. Living space.
This is our living space.
I know you agree with me.
Arthur can find
somewhere else to live.
He doesn't need
to take our home.
You should make it a condition.
It's the least they can do.
He'll want a townhouse. anyway.
Rudolf?
[Rudolf] I heard you.
So?
I'll ask.
You'll be working all the time.
Yes.
- We'd never see you.
- No.
I'll miss you. of course.
[voice breaks] But you'll
come home when you can.
I'll be...
with you just like
you'll be with me.
[distant gunshot]
Yes?
[Hedwig clears throat]
[Hedwig] And after the war.
when everything
is over. we'll farm.
Like we said.
Huh?
[coughing]
[distant gunshot]
[gunshots in distance]
[woman screaming in distance]
[distant gunshot]
[Hedwig clears throat]
[Rudolf] Do you all understand?
[children] Yes.
So I'll be missing
your birthday.
And maybe even our anniversary
depending on how
long I'll be gone.
So those are some of the things
that definitely add to the struggle.
But the life we enjoy
is very much
worth the sacrifice.
[Hedwig] It's time for bed.
[Heideraud] Hans. your plate.
- Be calm.
- [dishes clattering]
[distant fire roaring]
[Annagret crying]
[Hedwig coughs]
[distant fire roaring]
[men shouting in distance]
[Rudolf] It'll be
hard for you too.
I know that.
Don't you think I know that?
I love you.
I love you. my beauty.
Call Walter Dürrfeld first thing.
See if he can join us at the selection.
Tell him they're Dutch.
and he can have his pick.
Otherwise. I'll see
him at the IG lunch.
Letter to Messrs. Prüfer
and Sander. Topf and Sons.
Subject: New Crematorium.
I'm glad you were able to
make the journey last week.
SS-Obersturmbannführer
Bischoff and I both agree
the ring crematorium
is definitely the answer.
What a difference it will make.
Bravo.
I welcome your...
I welcome your suggestion
that the design should be
patented in order to secure priority.
I will follow up with
a letter of intent.
You should be aware I've been
promoted to Deputy Inspector
of concentration
camps at the IKL.
- [knocking at door]
- Come.
And therefore. future
communications
will be from Oranienburg-Berlin.
The focus there is now on labor.
Of course. this direction
will affect our plans.
And though it pains
me to leave Auschwitz.
I believe I'll be in
a better position
to push for funds and materials
from there.
Heil Hitler. et cetera.
[Rudolf] Letter to
Gruppenführer Glücks. IKL.
Subject: Transfer.
Dear Gruppenführer Glücks.
I would like my family to remain
at 88 Bielitzstrasse. KL Auschwitz.
for the duration of my transfer.
It would be a great favor to
me for this to be permitted.
I must stress what a
wonderful environment
Hedwig has made for the
children since settling here.
An inspiration in many ways
for our new German
community in the East.
If this is acceptable.
provision of a simple lodging for
myself in Oranienburg will suffice.
I would be very grateful
for a speedy answer.
Heil Hitler. et cetera.
[gunshots in distance]
[grunts]
[Inge] Sweaty.
[Rudolf] Sh.
[foreboding music playing]
[Rudolf] "The little snow-white
bird flew down and sang.
Be warned. be warned."
"Gretel understood what
the witch had in mind...
and said. 'Please
show me first.'"
"I don't know how to do that."
"The witch sat on the shovel.
and Gretel pushed
her into the oven
as deep as she could."
"Then she closed the
iron door of the oven.
and secured it with a bar."
"The witch got cooked alive
as a punishment for
her horrible deeds."
"Gretel ran straight to Hansel.
unlocked the goose
cage. and let him out."
"He jumped out and threw his
arms around his sister's neck."
"They kissed one another.
cried with joy. and thanked God."
"The little white bird sang.
'Pearls and gems
for bread crumbs.'"
[train chugging]
[train whistle blowing]
- [men chattering indistinctly]
- [pig snorts]
[woman crying. shouting]
[woman continues
crying. shouting]
[woman in Polish]
Here you are at last.
[man in Yiddish]
Words by Joseph Wulf.
Written in 1943 in
Oswiecim. Auschwitz III.
[footsteps receding]
[piano playing]
[wind whistling]
[piano continues]
[in German] Don't
forget to stand straight.
- Heil Hitler.
I've packed buttered
bread for you all.
[Inge speaking indistinctly]
[Marta] Come
on. children. Hurry.
Sophie.
[Hedwig sighs]
Tell her it's getting cold.
- [Sophie] She's not here.
- [Hedwig] What?
[Sophie] She's gone.
[Hedwig] What. not upstairs?
No. she's gone.
and her case is gone.
[Hedwig] That cannot be.
Mum?
[Hedwig] Go and look for her.
[faint music playing on radio]
[clock chiming]
Aniela.
Take it away.
Was that here to spite me?
No. Mrs. Höss.
I could have my husband spread
your ashes across the fields of Babice.
[men shouting
indistinctly in distance]
[water dripping]
[Rudolf] Relax. let her find it.
[Claus] Are you not going to
be a commandant anymore?
[Rudolf] I'll be head
of all commandants.
Inspecting their camps and seeing
where improvements can be made.
Their yield. that kind of thing.
[prods horse]
It has a great name.
- It's girl's eye or tickseed.
- [Inge] Girl's eye?
Girl's eye. yes.
I can only guess
that's because of
its serrated petals
which resemble
the long eyelashes
of women and girls.
[indistinct chattering]
[distant gunshot]
[wood creaking. thuds]
[lighter clicks]
[mumbles] Leave it.
[distant gunshot]
[dog barking in distance]
[mutters]
[indistinct shouting
in distance]
[Rudolf] You there.
Guard.
Bring him here!
[distant screaming]
What's he done?
[guard] Fighting over
an apple. Commandant.
[Rudolf] Drown him in the river.
[prisoner shouts]
[guard] Come!
[prisoner shouts indistinctly]
[softly] Don't do that again.
[guard] Move it!
I don't care!
Move it! Get it out!
[horses galloping]
[guard] Are you going
to stand there trembling?
Something to say?
Huh?
[gunshot]
[guard] Come!
[horses galloping]
[marching band music playing]
Aren't you lovely?
Yes. you are lovely.
- Male or female?
- [woman] Male.
- How old?
- [woman] Four years old.
- Ah. What's his name?
- [woman] Torin.
Torin! Ah!
You don't see many
with his coloring.
No. mostly black
or salt and pepper.
Yeah. [laughs]
I had a black one
when I was little. Elsa.
Born on the same day I was.
- He's lovely.
- [woman] Thank you.
Come on.
[man on speaker] On Sunday. at
19h. there will be a benefit concert
at the Marksmen's Club to
raise money for War Winter Relief.
Junior Squad
Leader Johann Thißen
will conduct the orchestra
in a two-part program
featuring a tribute
to Herms Niel...
[officer] "Liebehenschel. Auschwitz I.
Hartjenstein. Auschwitz II / Birkenau."
"Schwarz. Auschwitz III /
Monowitz. Haas. Bergen-Belsen."
"Pister. Buchenwald. Walter.
Dachau. Koegel. Flossenbürg."
"Hassebroek. Gross-Rosen.
Grünewald. Herzogenbusch."
"Sporrenberg. Hinzert. Goecke.
Kauen. Weiss. Majdanek."
"Ziereis. Mauthausen.
Dieter. Moringen."
"Hartjenstein.
Natzweller-Struthof."
"Pauly. Neuengamme. Göth.
Plaszow. Suhren. Ravensbrück."
"Kaindl. Sachsenhausen.
Hoppe. Stutthof."
"Schnabel. Vaivara.
Herbert. Warsaw."
Apologies for absence.
Förschner. Mittelbau-Dora.
Sauer. Riga-Kaiserwald.
[Pohl] The Führer has
approved the deportation
of Hungary's 700.000
Jews for extermination
and war production
where able-bodied.
An agreement was reached with
the new Hungarian government
to begin the
operation immediately.
They are being amassed for
transportation to Auschwitz.
Four trains a day.
3.000 on each.
12.000 daily.
Firstly. via the Eastern
zones. one to three.
Then via four and five in
the middle of the country.
and finally. Budapest.
Pressburg and Vienna are heavily
loaded with military transports.
Jewish transports
will pass through
Kassa and Muszyna instead.
Based on estimates provided
by Obersturmbannführer Höss.
25% will be retained
for labor after selection.
20% of those will be utilized
in Auschwitz sub-camps.
and the other 80% will come
to your camps in due course.
The scale is many
times larger than before.
So prepare yourselves.
Before I hand over to
Obersturmbannführer Höss.
I'd like to announce the
promotion of Colonel Maurer
to the rank of
SS-Standartenführer
for consistently
hitting his labor targets.
Bravo.
I get fan mail from
CEOs for this man.
- More famous than me.
- Thank you. sir.
Well deserved.
As I've said before. I'm
grateful for your leadership.
Thank you. You have
said that. I appreciate that.
Thank you.
Obergruppenführer Pohl.
- Good morning. everyone.
- [all] Good morning.
Two apologies for absence.
Sturmbannführer
Förschner. Mittelbau-Dora.
Sauer. Riga-Kaiserwald.
You will appreciate we have
a very busy agenda today.
The Hungarian operation
is urgent and complex
and will involve converging
challenges at every operational level.
Please turn to the
first page in your files.
You will see five headings.
Item one. Timings.
Item two. Redirection of
construction resources.
Item three. Transportation.
For item four. prisoner workers.
Dr. Meindl from
Steyr-Daimler-Puch.
some of you know
him. some of you don't.
is joining us today to discuss
pay rates and incentives.
Item five. Fire and
air defense measures.
[indistinct chattering]
[ominous music playing]
[Hans] The girls
didn't want to go out.
[Claus] Yes.
Because it is so cold.
Well. I love the snow.
- [distant gunshot]
- [sneezes]
[Hans singing indistinctly]
Stop!
Leave me alone. Claus!
[Hans yelling indistinctly]
Stop it. Claus!
[grunts]
No. no! No!
Leave me alone. you traitor!
[Claus chuckles]
[hissing]
[Hans whimpering]
[man on speaker] Saturday's
funeral ceremony for the pupils
of the Air Force School
who died in the bombing raid
of March 6th
will start at 11:30.
SS pallbearers should congregate
in the forecourt of the
T Building by 10:45.
Transport will leave for
Hans Schemm School
promptly at 11:00 a.m.
Commander of the Guard
Obersturmbannführer
Gustav Wegner
will lead the cortege
to the cemetery
with a delegation from
the League of German Girls
and Air Force Students.
[man] Obersturmbannführer Höss.
[Glücks] Rudolf. Come on in.
How are you?
Good.
I've just received this.
Obergruppenführer Pohl
met with Reichsführer Himmler
to assess the
numbers involved...
and your name came up.
[Rudolph] Uh-huh.
We're moving
Liebehenschel to Majdanek.
He's not energetic
enough for this.
Okay.
You'll receive operational
orders from Eichmann.
Perfect.
Tell me what resources
you need when you get there.
I will.
Any problems. come to
Gerhard or me directly.
Thank you.
- How's Hedwig?
- Good.
Pohl told me she sends the boss
flowers from your garden every week.
Yes.
Get the job done.
I will. Thank you.
I appreciate the trust and
confidence you have in me.
[Glücks] And?
[Maurer] I'm not sure yet.
[Glücks] Relax.
He won't put them
all up the chimney.
You'll get your workers.
You'll see.
[Maurer] Mmm.
- [doctor] Are you sleeping okay?
- Yes.
How many bowel movements
do you have per day?
Twice per day.
Urinating?
Without issues.
I'll feel around now.
On the surface first.
If there is any pain.
please let me know.
This is Höss.
Long-distance priority call. KL
Auschwitz. Höss private residence.
I'll stay on the line.
[murmuring]
Are you there?
- [Hedwig] Hello?
- Can you talk?
- Is everything okay?
- Yes.
I have news.
I told you I'd heard rumblings
but nothing concrete.
What news?
The Hungary thing.
The old man gave me
orders from Heinrich.
It's happening at last.
I'm coming back to run it.
Well. I'm very
relieved about that.
I have to admit. I'm
pleased as punch.
Yes.
[Hedwig speaking indistinctly]
I don't know. I go to Budapest
first. Things will be clearer after that.
Anyway. my cogs are turning.
I must get on. I'll call
you later. after the party.
No. Wait. please.
Tell Eleanor Pohl.
when she receives her
parcel. to look in the compact.
They're inside.
[string quartet music playing]
[guests laughing]
[indistinct chattering]
[guests clapping]
[string quartet
continues playing]
[indistinct chattering]
[man coughing]
[guests clapping]
[silence]
[Rudolf] I heard Himmler's
calling it "Operation Höss."
[Hedwig] That's fantastic.
I'm so happy for you.
[Rudolf] Thank you.
Mutzi. It's your name too.
[Hedwig] Who was there?
[Rudolf] To tell you the truth. I
wasn't really paying attention.
I was too busy thinking how
I'd gas everyone in the room.
Very difficult. logistically.
because of its high ceiling.
[Hedwig] Mm-hmm.
It's the middle of the night.
and I need to be in bed.
I shouldn't have called so late.
I was just excited
to tell you the name.
You can tell me about
it when you get back.
[Rudolph] Hmm.
You have told them
Daddy's coming home?
Yes. Good night.
[Rudolph retching. gagging]
[spits]
[retching. gagging]
- [women speaking indistinctly]
- [keys jingling]
[wheels clattering]
[vacuum cleaner whirring]
[eerie music playing]
[music fades]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm